In this video we're going to talk about thing and template engines which are integral parts of any web
application template thing is a formal avoiding repetition and providing consistent experience to your
users what templating means is that for Web page that you need for specific purposes you need not create
a brand new page for all of them.
You need to lay out all of your components that you intend to use as plates and create temple of pages
of their different needs.
So let's just think of an example for one moment.
Let's assume that you were his original application in this reservation application.
You're going to have a user sign up Logan reservation check in and a couple of other different pages
for different purposes.
So a template thing you can create a sign up page with your template data structure and let it be dynamically
filled with actual data whenever your user requests the page.
That's the basic idea behind thing.
All you have to do is to choose a template engine for this purpose and let God handle all the rendering
and pay generation tasks by itself templating is an important aspect of an embassy application.
So what options do we have for template thing that we can use within our applications.
Considering the market share and popularity we have four different alternatives.
First is the Apache will also be velocity is Rhodora and all and not a very actively maintained project
in velocity.
Your template code is processed however not compiled into Java code.
That's basically all there is to know about it.
Next up is another Apache project which is the maker it's actively being developed with the incubator
of Apache Foundation and thought as a replacement for Apache will also be.
We also have a newcomer which is pebble pebble is rather new to the market and offers hend of features
like inheritance and easy to read syntax.
The last one and the engine that we're going to use is timely.
Timely is the ideal combination when developing both 4G VM and asked them all five time leave has a
very very good support and Spring Framework than any other engine in the list.
So that's one of the reasons why we choose it.
All right.
We gained a good amount of understanding on templating and template engines available for us to choose
and why we prefer time against others.
To talk more about timely Venger always seeing you on the next video.